hey don't get in the middle
hey what what thing we read let's go for
it control point where's the whole point
get any off with this where is the whole
point in a bit of here this last year
already first class
oh yeah what the fuck I don't know
what's these others well regular classes
are chonmage oh wait we just lost out on
points how do we do this we're the only
team we've got any points where you're
on
oh my god I don't know how to check how
to change faster perks opposite perk
kids so how do you get that goes on how
do I get them inted I might hey someone
get in there I mean I mean I mean how am
i coming so much is fine like teen teen
shit I'm dead again right something
going up in it yeah my rusty sword isn't
capable that's how we first one just got
two kills bar died oh yeah right let's
tell if it's doing there they had a dead
list long sword what the fuck is it how
do you acquire these things someone
explain to me hold on sorry it's nicely
even taken hits what the hell do you
press the number next to it anywhere
next this going free like it no you type
it you've just chosen arch with your
class with you type Archer yeah what
heroin just yeah no such class and then
whatever one birth Archer I just chose
mage you just round up I've got a magic
stick
oh I've got fireballs
I've got five whores yeah if they pee
right click it Sophie I wasn't it though
that's a building I can just stamp the
Italian we need to answer great blue
team now I've got both
I don't fingers wait I can just stand up
here and just fire my humble you press T
after and impress mage no this forward
slash blast and then made like literally
in one word but you use v /r that guy
but you have to respawn first right yeah
yeah sure okay that's it I got both
there we go
banging people out with this man outside
yes I've got 40 points they will Rutter
in all of that so in there
come on I'm banging people with a girl
thing is I think if you're in the count
that slime spawned I'm sure that like
some kind of perk no don't know things
just keep spraying and even just as well
you set me on fire you're spamming it
I've stayed alive Rangers I'm just
waiting for particular ice oh shit
oh yes points come on we're gonna get
this win mad ok this is it we're on our
very confusing
u-unless oh yes I got me over their
homeland
I live me you can kill anyone no I'm
just ladies people slayin you've been
getting kill straight like even getting
kills yeah
Oh hold on I've got a hand grenade all
right hand grenades in a light you know
and we go take that
I just got blazed orb yeah I died man I
lost my blaze orbit get in get in is it
ticking nobody
let's go be in a second Annette why he's
in the ground did that guy hit the blue
guy but the wrong guy I can't hit him oh
shit no shit thickened skin us no not a
single point the fuck aunt Delia okay
this guy keeps escaping he's getting a
small who is this guy please oh sure but
there we go my table to your class with
it hey mage reading and die let's mark I
suppose my minecraft just closed no
Angela a third fatal errors continued
detective see much explosions ya know
even where men down we don't win now
because you ever got I got this players
sugar three is unfair as I'm fair we
need to kill please don't move in
let me go shit thanks for not know come
let's get it w for everyone
Lisa clear second do 120